What I want us to do for
this exercise is we've set
the document title use a useEffect.
What we'll do in this case is we're also
now going to set local storage as well,
right?
And there'll be a few things here.
One, is that we can just register a second
effect and without having to have a second
method and the callback, which will be
nice and we just do it in one place.
So what we wanna do is we are gonna need
to kinda refactor this code slightly,
we are storing the full object in there.
Which means we could do something along
the lines of changing this for count.
In this case we'll change this to
count and store as an object as well.
So you're gonna that from state
as initial value, you're going to
use useEffect to store it, and
then we'll take a look at it together.